are you doing its Kevin long from big
night entertainment group and this is a
this is something that I'm not super
expert at but I try real hard this is
some nigiri tuna and salmon so basically
your nigiri the root of the word
basically means finger finger of rice so
we've got some prepared sushi rice over
here and you're simply going to form the
rice and put the fish over it we have
some some super nice yellowfin tuna here
the idea for a nigiri cut on the tuna is
to really kind of take take the fish and
you're gonna cut it really at an angle
so you can see I have the square block
here I'm gonna cut this at an angle your
first piece you can use for something
else and you're just going to cut
another thin slice to produce this sort
of angled cut
then we're going to do basically the
same thing it's a little bigger piece
with the salmon
we're going to do that same sort of
angled cut here produce these nice thin
almost like bias cut pieces of fish
so when you're when you're operating
with your prepared sushi rice you always
want your hands damp so that the sticky
sushi rice won't stick to your hands you
don't want to get too wet and you just
form this little little foot ball almost
you don't want to crush the rice just
want to form it fairly gently then drape
the fish over it
traditionally form and I'll lay that big
nice piece of fish draped over there
formed over the rice so that's that same
little shape you start out usually kind
of crush it a little bit people are
usually scared to not crush it enough or
you know to keep it together or they're
scared that they're you know and they
over crush it you want to kind of find
that that happy medium there where your
where your fish comes out your your rice
comes out nice and sort of held together
but not really smushed
and try to do as much as you can with
the one hand on the right so you don't
pass it to the other hand that's the
same thing with the tuner basically goes
over gets a little form in gets turned
around you're just gonna get that right
balance of keeping your hands just wet
enough for that that rice doesn't stick
to you
it'll spin around form in that so the
basically the fish kind of drapes over
the sides it's pretty simple but that is
that it's basically how you put it
together so a little nigiri of salmon
and tuna so here you go i'm kevin long
the executive chef with big night
entertainment group and this is some
simple nigiri of salmon and tuna